# -Fingerprint-Shazam_DSP2022
 - Fingerprinting is basically to identify a signal based on a short sample for it     which usually has its intrinsic features and thus these intrinsic features can be used to identify the different varieties or flavors of the signal. Several applications can be directly spotted for such technique. For example: Music industry: Identify a song, a singer voice, a tune. Medical diagnosis: identify arrhythmia types in ECG signals.
#summary
Each group will collect N different songs with something common or similar among them (e.g. same singer voice, or same lyrics, or similar tunes), where N is the number of group members.
Extract each song into two separate files (music & vocals) and upload it to the common repository. You are not requested to do the separation by code. This is an advanced topics of components separation that can be found in higher level DSP courses (Blind source separation, ICA topics for those who might be interested to give a look). For now, you need to look for some software to do this job for you. Note the separation will hardly be perfect so do not overdo it.
Uploaded files have to named according to the following format: GroupX_SongY_Full, GroupX_SongY_Music, GroupX_SongY_Vocals where X is the group number and Y is the song index (1-N).
There should be a sheet that contains the songs names to avoid repetition. When you get your songs, put their names along with their similarity feature in the sheet. Anyone who will put the same song later will be penalized.
